Enhancing installation instructions (#9392)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2025-05-28-dbt-fusion-engine.md

- The new engine is called the dbt Fusion engine — rewritten from the ground up in Rust based on technology [from SDF](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-labs-acquires-sdf-labs).  The dbt Fusion engine is substantially faster than dbt Core and has built in [SQL comprehension technology](/blog/the-levels-of-sql-comprehension) to power the next generation of analytics engineering workflows.
- The dbt Fusion engine is currently in beta. You can try it today if you use Snowflake — with additional adapters coming starting in early June. Review our [path to general availability](/blog/dbt-fusion-engine-path-to-ga) (GA) and [try the quickstart](/guides/fusion).
- **You do not need to be a dbt Labs customer to use Fusion - dbt Core users can adopt the dbt Fusion engine today for free in your local environment.**

> - You can use Fusion with the [new dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt), [directly via the CLI](/docs/local/install-dbt?version=2), or [via dbt Studio](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version#dbt-fusion-engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use <Constant name="fusion" /> with the [new dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt), [directly with the CLI](/docs/local/install-dbt?version=2), or [with dbt Studio](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version#dbt-fusion-engine).
```

- **dbt customers:** Over the coming weeks, in projects eligible to start using Fusion, you’ll see a toggle in your account or receive a message from your account team. From there, [you can activate Fusion for your environments](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version#dbt-fusion-engine).
- **To use the VS Code extension:** [Install the "dbt" extension](/docs/install-dbt-extension) directly from the marketplace for automated setup and head to the quickstart. This will also automatically install the Fusion-powered CLI for you.

> - **To use the dbt CLI powered by Fusion:** Simply [install Fusion](/docs/local/install-dbt?version=2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **To use the <Constant name="platform_cli" /> powered by <Constant name="fusion" />:** Simply [install Fusion](/docs/local/install-dbt?version=2)
```
